abstractivement/ # po:adv
annihilable/Es # po:adj
anticipatoire/Es # po:adj
apparaissant·e/_e,, # po:adj
appréhendable/Es # po:adj
bovinité/Es # po:noun
chevalité/Es # po:noun
cire/Es # po:noun
créable/Es # po:adj st:créer
créant·e/Es # po:adj st:créer
désignable/Es # po:adj
dictatif·ve/fv # po:adj
domanité/Es # po:noun
empêchable/Es # po:adj
équivocité/Es # po:noun
heccéité/Es # po:noun
hétérologique/Es # po:adj
hylémorphique/Es # po:adj
indéfinité/ # po:noun
judicatif/Es # po:noun
lapidité/ # po:noun
modalement/ # po:adv
noèsis/ # po:noun
originarité/Es # po:noun
ostensif·ve/fv # po:adj
perspectivistes/Es
phénoménalisation/Es # po:noun
prédicament/Es # po:noun
principialité/Es # po:noun
roséité/ES # po:adj
signifiable/Es # po:adj
singularisant·e/_e,, # po:adj
spécialissime/Es # po:adj
syncatégorématique/Es # po:adj
syncatégorème/Es # po:noun
participable/Es # po:adj
indexical/lx # po:adj

ontologiser/ # po:verb
secondariser/ # po:verb
syllogiser/ # po:verb
modaliser/ # po:verb
intuitionner/ # po:verb
